# Phase 2 Project

1. This is a single page application called: UFC Current Champions Information Finder
(for Phase 2 Project from Sitong Ren)

2. The core features/functions of this MVP are:
    * Help user & UFC fans obtain information about all the current UFC champions. User can view all the current champions for each division in the Champion page. 
    * User can also view more details about each champion by clicking on each champion card.
    * Users can use this web-application to update the current champion information for each division if necessary.
    * Provide the curretn Top 10 pound for pound ranking information for user & UFC fans.
    * User can add information of a new champion if there is a new weight class division created by UFC in the future.
    * Provide most recent title fight promotional videos
    * User can navigate between Home, Champions and Ranking pages by clikcing on the NavLinks.

3. The API data for this website is saved in a db.js file ongenerated by using json-server. 
   The API contains detail information for every champion of each division saved in objects with in an array. 
   The API data will be obtained from the web-application I built by using fetch request and the obatained data will be manipulated and popular on the DOM with some java event features such as click and submit etc.
   Anytime an User update the champion information, the updated information will persist on json server.

4. There will be no need for installation since this is a web-application.

5. Contributer:
    * Sitong Ren    
    * FlatIron Bootcamp Courses